## Requirements

[Node.js](https://nodejs.org) is required to install dependencies and run scripts via `npm`.

## Available Commands

| Command         | Description                                                                     |
| --------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `npm install`   | Install project dependencies                                                    |
| `npm start`     | Build project and open web server running project                               |
| `npm run build` | Builds code bundle with production settings (minification, uglification, etc..) |

## Running Code

After cloning the repo, run `npm install` from your project directory. Then, you can start the local development
server by running `npm start`.


After starting the development server with `npm start`, you can edit any files in the `src` folder
and webpack will automatically recompile and reload your server (available at `http://localhost:8100`
by default).

## Customizing Template

### Webpack

If you want to customize your build, such as adding a new webpack loader or plugin (i.e. for loading CSS or fonts), you can
modify the `webpack.config.js` file for cross-project changes, or you can modify and/or create
new configuration files and target them in specific npm tasks inside of `package.json`.

## Deploying Code

After you run the `npm run build` command, your code will be built into a single bundle located at 
`ddocs/main.bundle.js` along with any other assets you project depended. 

If you put the contents of the `docs` folder in a publicly-accessible location (say something like `http://mycoolserver.com`), 
you should be able to open `http://mycoolserver.com/index.html` and play your game.

# Coding Assignment

Presented is a game that contain play button and 6 chests.
You are required to create a production ready game (resources can be generated by code or you can create your own) that will include all the main objects/classes according to the following game’s description.

## Game description:

The game contains a play button and 6 chests.

At the initial state, the play button is enabled while the chests are disabled.

### When pressing on the play button:

* Play button becomes disabled.
* All chests become clickable.

### When clicking on a chest:

* All other elements in the game should become disabled.
* The game should randomly determine rather the chest is a winner. 
* If the chest is a winner, the game should randomly determine rather it is a regular win or bonus win.
* The Chest should open with the appropriate regular win /bonus/ loose animation. 

### At the end of the chest animation:

* If it is a bonus win by the end of chest open animation, the player will be redirected to a new screen where a bonus animation and winning amount will be presented to the user and only by the end of the animation user will be returned back to main screen
* If all chests opened present enable play button again.

## Tech Requirements:

* The UI should be created based on pure Canvas API or PIXI.js
* Must be built in TypeScript.
* Try to use as less dependencies as possible
* Write your README as if it was for a production service and include the information how to run the game
